Add modifications dictionary in conditions section (BBPBGLIB-919) (#10)
BlueBrain/sonata-extension: source/sonata_simulation.rst

                                                          The format is a dictionary with keys being the SUFFIX names of MOD files (unique names of mechanisms) and values being dictionaries of variable names in the MOD files and their values. Read about `NMODL2 SUFFIX description here <https://nrn.readthedocs.io/en/8.2.0/hoc/modelspec/programmatic/mechanisms/nmodl2.html#suffix>`_.
   modifications                              Optional    Collection of dictionaries with each member decribing a modification that mimics experimental manipulations to the circuit.
   =============================== ========== =========== ====================================

Parameters required for modifications
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
.. table::

   =============================== ========== =========== ====================================
   property                        Type       Requirement Description
   =============================== ========== =========== ====================================
   node_set                        string     Mandatory   Node set which receives the manipulation.

>    type                            string     Mandatory   Name of the manipulation. Supported values are "TTX" and "ConfigureAllSections". "TTX" mimics the application of TTX, which precludes spiking and modifies mechanism variables. "ConfigureAllSections" is a generic way to modify variables per morphology section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   type                            string     Mandatory   Name of the manipulation. Supported values are "TTX" and "ConfigureAllSections". "TTX" mimics the application of tetrodotoxin, which blocks sodium channels and precludes spiking. "ConfigureAllSections" is a generic way to modify variables (properties, mechanisms, etc.) per morphology section.
```

>    section_configure               string     Mandatory*  For "ConfigureAllSections" manipulation, a snippet of python code to perform one or more assignments involving section attributes, for all sections that have all the referenced attributes. The format is "%s.xxxx; %s.xxxx; ..." .

Reviewer 2: You should include the change from @seirios here as well.

Author: Yes, it is done!
